---
title: LEGS font
---
The L.E.G.S. font is a font made via me tracing the letters in the webcomic El Goonish Shive. Development on it actually started nearly a year ago, on 2020-05-02, but I just didn't consider the possibility of sharing it in a more accessible place until just now.

L.E.G.S. is short for Letterized El Goonish Shive. Yes I picked the name so it would spell a word. In the EGS Discord server I was calling the successive iterations 2LEGS, 3LEGS, 4LEGS, but I dunno that seems a bit impractical for a more public distribution.  
EGS uses a font made by the author that has not been distributed to my knowledge, hence the tracing. I traced only high-definition letters that were like 20px tall or so I think.

Notable things about L.E.G.S are:
- the curly bracket characters { } are instead these little sound effect lines. This is consistent with what Dan the author said when creating the font<sup><a href="#footnote-1">[1]</a></sup>.
- the quotation mark &#34; isn't directionless and instead changes direction based on context (unchanging directional quotation marks ‟ and ” are also in the font). This was a choice by me because I don't know how Dan implemented directional quotes (although I later discovered a directionless quote does show up in EGS rarely)
- some symbols are not included, despite being known to occur Dan's font, due to no high-resolution versions of them being available to trace.

You can [download the current version of L.E.G.S here (11868 bytes)](/assets/L.E.G.S.ttf).

License: I give everyone the rights to do whatever they want with the font except for lying about it. Don't say it came to you in a dream in 1993 and you spent several years designing it to perfection as you travelled through France. That would be an example of a lie. Don't say you forgot where you got it either, because that would be another lie, unless you actually did forget, which is not encouraged.

Known high-definition symbols not included in the font are directionless quotation marks &#34; and the slash / , both of which I missed on my initial pass of the high-definition comics available. If you would like to see these symbols added to the font, feel free to let me know and I'll add them when I have some free time (as opposed to right now when I am procrastinating on my homework. It has been surprisingly productive for anything other than the homework). Also feel free to suggest how directionless quotes would be implemented. I have wondered if Dan uses the square brackets [ ] for the directional quotes, just because square brackets have never been seen in Dan's font.

<span id="footnote-1">Footnote 1</span>: (yes I've got a footnote it's so fancy) ["Another Font Test of Doom" on DeviantArt](https://www.deviantart.com/danshive/art/Another-Font-Test-of-Doom-108927695)
